These are all the files that you have produced and one's that I had but did not upload earlier.

Two important points to remember :
 1. The main goal of the script is to find the related sentences to my highlights only, so any thing thats getting added into the final generated output that was a mistake and should have not been there, and ideally would have been trimmed, it defeats the whole purpose of the script.
 2. The work has to be correct, because I would be reading unrelated sentences to my highlight that would not be fruitful.

Note some points related to the work you are going to do
1. Give me the script first that you write, and then start visually double checking your work against the pdfs i gave you already.
2. Note that very very minor things have to be not be perfect, like one bracket missing, or very extacly if tabular sentences are not getting found, the script should work like 95% of 100 times and in remaining itmes, the highlights will still be there but maybe not extactly 100% correct sentences, but sentences exist still. so thats fine. I can manage it.
3. If any of the given below points are already catered by the script, make them the default params then and just inform me, because i have not explored all the options, so might have missed.


Below are the points that I would want you to fix now.

Why Recall sheet is giving character errors sometimes, So you can look into it.

1.The points were producing \1 \2 \3 like that for which i modified the md_guard function as attached in the pic.

2. I need to have a parameterized version where if passed, the titles should be treated as normal text and they should be skipped if not highlighted, also that, if they do are highlighted then they shoul be normally act as sentences as they did earlier (basically the previous behaviour with titles, because they are too large in font and cause problem when note reading, i want unclutted type of notes, so hopefully you can parameterize this, keep the default as the normal treatment one where titles are not treated specially), same should be done for recall-notes too, Ability to skip the title in recall sheet as mentioned in the para.

3. Md-to-pdf is giving missing char error as attached in the pic

4. Pdf new lines are consuming a lot of space sometimes i guess, or maybe i am judging wrong, you can give a parameter for this too to minimize new line ( but each highlight or sentence should also be newline, they should not be stacked side by side)

5. give me option to keep page no in left or right or top right or top left

6. Option to limit the whole idea to get the highlight sentence by
 - clause, comma, full stop, full para ( context ) - guess this was called context only, then the one with no of words equally spaced from left to right, so for example i select 6 words, then 3 words from the left of the highglight and 3 from the right, similar if 10 words are selected then the sentence should consist of 5 from left and 5 from right, give option to completely select the left word or right words too, for example 10 word with left, means, select the sentence with the highlight in the end the 10 words of the left of the highlight to form the sentence.

7. Finally, An ability to make spaces in between the generated md or pdf, because sometimes I would print the final notes pdf and use it as my notes, but some questions or some topics needs extra notes, so i need space between the lines to accomodate them, so you can just give me an option to keep some space between a set of lines, for example if i pass 5, 10 then after 5 senteces you will insert 10 empty lines between every 5 lines, similary 10, 5 will have 5 new empty lines after 10 sentences.

8. Any highlight other then yellow, can be given a parameter to be outputted in md as italic and bold, for example red, green etc all of them will be then outputted into final output has bold and italic, i just want to differentiate between the normal highlights and other highlights and the bold italic would serve that purpose

9. Lots of options have been given by you as params, I would want you to verify if they actually work, and ideally i would like to keep them all.


